---
We will now make a digital Clock with Alarm, Stopwatch, Timer Support. It uses Python 3. It also gives a beep when the time is up in Alarm and Timer. This Beep is generated by ‘winsound.Beep()’ in windows and ‘Beep’ CLI in Unix. Here is Its’s Demo.

----
Here we have imported Tkinter, datetime, platform(for determining Operating System for Beep), winsound(Windows only), os(Unix Only).

---
To add Tabs Control, We can Use Tkinter Notebook. Here we will add four tabs for Clock, Alarm, Stopwatch, Timer Each.

---
date and time are taken from datetime module and then it is converted in to PM and AM Time. You Have to add this function below Tkinter initialization and above Notebook initialization.

---
Here we Have Added a Get Alarm Entry Box, Alarm Instructions which tell us to set alarm with this format → HH:MM (PM/AM). Eg 01:30 PM means 13:30 Hours. Then it is Set Alarm Button which calls alarm Function. And Alarm Status Label Displays About the Alarm , The Alarm is Set or not, And About the Time is Up.
Making a Alarm Function

Here we will make a alarm Function which is called by The set_alarm_button. Add this function above the Notebook initialization and below Clock function.

---
It Takes the time form datetime module and format it. Then It checks if the time entered is same or not. If it is same then it beeps according to operating system.

---
Here There is a Stopwatch Label, Start , Stop, Reset Buttons which calls the stopwatch function.

Adding Stopwatch Counter Function

We will now add the Stopwatch counter function which operates the stopwatch. First We will add two lines of stopwatch counter. Add these Below Tkinter Initialization and above Clock Function.

---
If the work is start → It calls stopwatch counter and set Stopwatch running to ‘True’. If it is Stop → It set stopwatch running to ‘False’. If It is Reset → It set Counter num to 66600 or 0 and running to ‘False’

Making Timer
We will now make a timer which beeps when time is up. It works on the principal of Stopwatch but instead of adding 1 in counter it subtracts 1 from it.

Adding Timer Tkinter Components

We will Now add the tkinter components of timer.

---
If the work is start → It gets Timer entry text and format it and then set Timer counter to the formatted text and calls Timer counter and set Timer running to ‘True’. If it is Stop → It set timer running to ‘False’. If It is Reset → It set Counter num to 66600 or 0 and running to ‘False’

Starting Clock and Tkinter
Now The Last Part. We will start the clock and the tkinter window. Add this code at the end.

